index.md, before:

[![Appveyor build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff?branch=main&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff/branch/main)
[![Travis build Status](https://travis-ci.com/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/github/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff/branch/main/graphs/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/github/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff)
[![Project Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![CRAN_Status_Badge](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/urbanAnnualRunoff)]()

Used in Project KEYS for generating inputs to
runoff model ABIMO for application in cities with data scarcity

## Installation

For details on how to install KWB-R packages checkout our [installation tutorial](https://kwb-r.github.io/kwb.pkgbuild/articles/install.html).

```r
### Optionally: specify GitHub Personal Access Token (GITHUB_PAT)
### See here why this might be important for you:
### https://kwb-r.github.io/kwb.pkgbuild/articles/install.html#set-your-github_pat

# Sys.setenv(GITHUB_PAT = "mysecret_access_token")

# Install package "remotes" from CRAN
if (! require("remotes")) {
  install.packages("remotes", repos = "https://cloud.r-project.org")
}

# Install KWB package 'urbanAnnualRunoff' from GitHub
remotes::install_github("KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff")
```

Commit message:

gh-actions: add badges (remove Travis config)

index.md, after:

[![Appveyor build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff?branch=main&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff/branch/main)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff/actions?query=workflow%3AR-CMD-check)
[![pkgdown](https://github.com/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff/workflows/pkgdown/badge.svg)](https://github.com/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff/actions?query=workflow%3Apkgdown)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/github/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff/branch/main/graphs/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/github/KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff)
[![Project Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![CRAN_Status_Badge](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/urbanAnnualRunoff)]()

R Package for deriving urban surfaces for storm runoff analysis. 
Used in project KEYS for generating inputs to
runoff model ABIMO for application in cities with data scarcity.

## Installation

For details on how to install KWB-R packages checkout our [installation tutorial](https://kwb-r.github.io/kwb.pkgbuild/articles/install.html).

```r
### Optionally: specify GitHub Personal Access Token (GITHUB_PAT)
### See here why this might be important for you:
### https://kwb-r.github.io/kwb.pkgbuild/articles/install.html#set-your-github_pat

# Sys.setenv(GITHUB_PAT = "mysecret_access_token")

# Install package "remotes" from CRAN
if (! require("remotes")) {
  install.packages("remotes", repos = "https://cloud.r-project.org")
}

# Install KWB package 'urbanAnnualRunoff' from GitHub
remotes::install_github("KWB-R/urbanAnnualRunoff")
```
